You have a bank of switches before you, numbered from 1 to count. 
Every switch is connected to exactly one light that is initially off. 
You walk down the row of switches and toggle every one of them, that is, you flip every switch. 
All the lights are now on. You walk back to the beginning of the row and start another pass. 
On this second pass, you toggle switches 2, 4, 6, and so on. 
Now, every other light is on. On the third pass, you go back to the beginning again, this time toggling switches 3, 6, 9, and so on. 
You continue to repeat this process until you have made count passes.

Write a program that takes one argument—the total number of switches—and returns an array of the lights that are on after count passes.

# PROBLEM
## Inputs
- argument 'count': total number of switches

## Outputs
- an array of the lights that are on after 'count' passes

## Explicit rules
- switches are numbered from 1 to 'count'
- every switch is connected to exactly one light that is initially off
- every pass, the multiple of switches flipped on increases by 1
  * first pass = 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, etc.
  * second pass = 2, 4, 6, 8, etc.
  * third pass = 3, 6, 9, etc.

## Implicit rules
- switches are not reset at the beginning of a pass

## Questions
-

# EXAMPLES/TEST CASES


# DATA STRUCTURES
- object to store 1) switches (key) and 2) boolean that indicates whether they are on or off (value)
- array of switches that are on at the end of the program (array of keys for which the value is true)

# ALGORITHM
- Initialize object
SET switchBank = empty object
SET lightSwitch = 1
WHILE lightSwitch <= count
  SET object key = lightSwitch
  SET object value = false (false represents that switch is off)

- Conduct passes
SET currentPass = 1
WHILE currentPass <= count
  Conduct a pass

- Conduct a pass
SET switchMultiple = currentPass
SET currentSwitch = currentPass
WHILE currentSwitch <= count
  SET value in 'switchBank' at key 'currentSwitch' to the opposite boolean from its current value
  SET currentSwitch = currentSwitch + switchMultiple

- Create output array
  SET switchedOn = empty array
  FOR every switch (key) in switchBank (object)
  IF the value for the switch = true (i.e. if the switch is on)
    SET new element in array = key of the current switch

RETURN switchedOn



# CODE