A triangle is classified as follows:

Right: One angle is a right angle (exactly 90 degrees).
Acute: All three angles are less than 90 degrees.
Obtuse: One angle is greater than 90 degrees.
To be a valid triangle, the sum of the angles must be exactly 180 degrees, and every angle must be greater than 0. If either of these conditions is not satisfied, the triangle is invalid.

Write a function that takes the three angles of a triangle as arguments and returns one of the following four strings representing the triangle's classification: 'right', 'acute', 'obtuse', or 'invalid'.

You may assume that all angles have integer values, so you do not have to worry about floating point errors. You may also assume that the arguments are in degrees.

# PROBLEM
## Inputs
- Arguments: three angles of a triangle
- Assume that the arguments are in degrees
- Assume that all angles have integer values
  * do not have to worry about floating point errors

## Output
- string: either 'right', 'acute', 'obtuse', or 'invalid'

## Explicit rules
- If either of these conditions is not satisfied, the triangle is invalid.
  - every angle must be greater than 0
  - the sum of the angles must be exactly 180 degrees

- Right: One angle is a right angle (exactly 90 degrees).
- Acute: All three angles are less than 90 degrees.
- Obtuse: One angle is greater than 90 degrees.

## Implicit rules
- If any of the angles are less than or equal to zero, the triangle is invalid
  * **if the smallest angle is larger than zero, the other angles must also be larger than zero**
- **If the sum of the angles doesn't equal 180 degrees, the triangle is invalid**

- If none of the angles is 90 degrees, it's not a right triangle
  * the right angle is the largest angle in a right triangle
  * **the largest angle in a right triangle is 90 degrees**
- If any of the angles (including the largest) is bigger than or equal to 90 degrees, it's not an acute triangle
  * **the largest angle in an acute triangle is smaller than 90 degrees**
- If any of the angles is smaller than or equal to 90 degrees, it's not an obtuse triangle
  * **the largest angle in an obtuse triangle is larger than 90 degrees**

## Questions

# EXAMPLES/TEST CASES
triangle(60, 70, 50);       // "acute"
triangle(30, 90, 60);       // "right"
triangle(120, 50, 10);      // "obtuse"
triangle(0, 90, 90);        // "invalid"
triangle(50, 50, 50);       // "invalid"


# DATA STRUCTURES
- sorted array to assess find the largest angle

# ALGORITHM
- SET array = [angle1, angle2, angle3]

- SORT array

- SET largest = largest value in array
- SET smallest = smallest value in array
- SET mid = middle value in array

- IF smallest <= 0 RETURN 'invalid'

- IF smallest + middle + largest !== 180 RETURN 'invalid

- IF largest > 90 RETURN 'obtuse'

- IF largest === 90 RETURN 'right'

- ELSE RETURN 'acute'


