Write a function that takes two sorted arrays as arguments and returns a new array that contains all the elements from both input arrays in sorted order.

You may not provide any solution that requires you to sort the result array. You must build the result array one element at a time in the proper order.

Your solution should not mutate the input arrays.

# PROBLEM
## Inputs
- two sorted arrays

## Outputs
- returns a new array that contains all the elements from both input arrays in sorted order

## Explicit rules
- You may not provide any solution that requires you to sort the result array
- You must build the result array one element at a time in the proper order.
- Your solution should not mutate the input arrays.

## Implicit rules
-

## Questions
- What are the values contained in the arrays? Strings, integers?
  * Integers

# EXAMPLES/TEST CASES
merge([1, 5, 9], [2, 6, 8]);      // [1, 2, 5, 6, 8, 9]
merge([1, 1, 3], [2, 2]);         // [1, 1, 2, 2, 3]
merge([], [1, 4, 5]);             // [1, 4, 5]
merge([1, 4, 5], []);             // [1, 4, 5]

# DATA STRUCTURES
- Two input arrays
- One output array

# ALGORITHM
- SET ouputArray = empty array
- IF length of first array = 0
  * Only execute inner loop
- IF length of second array = 0
  * Only execute outer loop
- Outer loop: loop through the elements in the first array
    * Inner loop: loop through elements in the second array
      - Compare current element in first array to current element in second array
      - IF first element doesn't exist AND second element doesn't exist
        * Continue
      - IF first element < second element OR second element doesn't exist
        * Append first element to outputArray
        * Break from the inner loop
      - ELSE
        * Append second element to outputArray
    * Increase iterator by 1
    

# CODE
- loops -> do while loops